DOC-2118 feat(tgcloud4): Cloud v4 major doc update (still beta) (#82)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/cloud4/modules/graph-development/pages/load-data/index.adoc

When selecting a data source a step-by-step guide might not always be available.
When this is the case users will see btn:[Open in GSQL Editor] on the bottom right of the panel.

image::open-in-gsql-editor.png[width=200]

[NOTE]
====

> As of 2024-10-31, Step-by-step guide support load from xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-local.adoc[Local File], xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-s3.adoc[Amazon S3], xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-gcs.adoc[Google Cloud Storage] and xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-blob.adoc[Azure Blob Storage]. We are actively working on adding support for more data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Oct. 31, 2024, the step-by-step guide supports loading from xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-local.adoc[Local File], xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-s3.adoc[Amazon S3], xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-gcs.adoc[Google Cloud Storage] and xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-blob.adoc[Azure Blob Storage].
We are actively working on adding support for more data sources.
```

====

== xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-local.adoc[]

Check out our step-by-step guide on loading data from a local file.

== xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-s3.adoc[]

Check out our step-by-step guide on loading data from a Amazon S3.

== xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-gcs.adoc[]

Check out our step-by-step guide on loading data from a Google Cloud Storage.

== xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-blob.adoc[]

Check out our step-by-step guide on loading data from a Azure Blob Storage.

== xref:cloud4:graph-development:load-data/load-from-other-sources.adoc[]

> Here you can check out the status of loading data form other sources in TigerGraph Cloud 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can check out the status of loading data form other sources in TigerGraph Cloud 4.
```
```suggestion
Here you can check the status of loading data form other sources in TigerGraph Cloud 4.
```
